 Privacy Policy
   
   Events & Market Place (“Events & Market Place”) respects the privacy of our users. ",
       This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, disclose, and safeguard your information when you visit our website https://eventsandmarketplace.online/ including any other media form, media channel, mobile website, or mobile application related or connected thereto (collectively, the “Site”). We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason. We will alert you about any changes by updating the “Last Updated” date of this Privacy Policy. Any changes or modifications will be effective immediately upon posting the updated Privacy Policy on the Site, and you waive the right to receive specific notice of each such change or modification. You are encouraged to periodically review this Privacy Policy to stay informed of updates. You will be deemed to have been made aware of, will be subject to, and will be deemed to have accepted the changes in any revised Privacy Policy by your continued use of the Site after the date such revised Privacy Policy is posted. You are required to ensure that the information you provide to us is complete, accurate and up to date.
   
Collection Of Your Information:

       We may collect information about you in a variety of ways including through using forms, email, physical requests, cookies and web tokens. The information we may collect on the Site includes: Personal Data Personally identifiable information, such as your name, address, email address, and telephone number, and demographic information, such as your age, gender, hometown, and interests, that you voluntarily give to us when you register with the Site or when you choose to participate in various activities related to the Site such as online chat, registration for plans, purchase of tickets, setting up events etc. You are under no obligation to provide us with personal information of any kind, however, your refusal to do so may prevent you from using certain features of the Site.  Derivative Data Information our servers automatically collect when you access the Site, such as your IP address, your browser type, your operating system, your access times, and the pages you have viewed directly before and after accessing the Site and other interactions with the website and other users via server log files, as well as any other information you choose to provide. Financial Data We do not store any financial information, such as data related to your payment method (e.g. valid credit card number, card brand, expiration date) Otherwise, all financial information is stored by our payment processor and you are encouraged to review their privacy policy and contact them directly for responses to your questions. Mobile Device Data Device information, such as your mobile device ID, model, and manufacturer, and information about the location of your device, if you access the Site from a mobile device. Third-Party Data Information from third parties, such as personal information or network friends, if you connect your account to the third party and grant the Site permission to access this information. Data from Contests, Giveaways, and Surveys Personal and other information you may provide when entering contests or giveaways and/or responding to surveys.

USE Of Your Information
   
       Having accurate information about you permits us to provide you with a smooth, efficient, and customized experience. Specifically, we may use information collected about you via the Site to: Offer event hosting and ticketing details  Compile anonymous statistical data and analysis for use internally or with third parties. Create and manage your events and payments across our Platform. Send emails, Enable user-to-user communications. Fulfill and manage purchases, orders, payments, and other transactions Generate a personal profile about you to make future visits more personalized. Offer new products, services, mobile applications, and/or recommendations to you.  Perform other business activities as needed. Prevent fraudulent transactions, monitor against theft, and protect against criminal activity. Process payments and Request feedback and contact you about your use of the Site and our mobile application. Resolve disputes and troubleshoot problems. Respond to product and customer service requests. Solicit support for the Site. 
   
Consent and Access Rights:

       We require your consent for the processing of your data. We shall obtain your consent for individual matters, where any document deals with different matters. If we intend to use your data for a purpose which is different from the purpose for which your data was obtained, we will seek your consent prior to the use of your data for that other purpose. In the event of any merger, acquisition or other arrangement whereby Events & Market Place sells or transfers all, or a portion of its business or assets (including in the event of a reorganization, dissolution or liquidation) to third parties, you hereby consent that your personal data held with Events & Market Place can be transferred or assigned to third parties who may become the controllers and/or processors of your personal data that was held by Events & Market Place prior to such merger, acquisition or other arrangement. Events & Market Place shall at all times ensure that you are notified when your personal data is intended to be transferred to third parties in the circumstances outlined in this clause. No consent shall be sought, given or accepted in any circumstance that may engender direct or indirect propagation of atrocities, hate, child rights violation, criminal acts and anti-social conducts. You may withdraw your consent, in writing, at any time and may request access to your personal information in our possession by contacting: Events & Market Place Support. We can, however, deny you access to the information where we determine that your request is unreasonable. You reserve the right to request the modification or amendment of your personal data in our possession. In all cases of access or modification / amendment of personal information, we shall request sufficient identification to enable us to confirm that you are the owner of the data sought to be accessed or modified / amended.

Your Rights:

       You have rights in relation to the way we handle your personal data. These include the following rights: where the legal basis of our processing is consent, to withdraw that consent at any time; to ask for access to the personal data that we hold; to prevent our use of the personal data for direct marketing purposes; to object to our processing of personal data in limited circumstances; and to ask us to erase personal data without delay:\n- if it is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was collected or otherwise processed;\n- if the only legal basis of processing is consent and that consent has been withdrawn and there is no other legal basis on which we can process that personal data;\n- if you object to our processing where the legal basis is the pursuit of a legitimate interest or the public interest and we can show no overriding legitimate grounds or interest; and if the processing is unlawful. to ask us to rectify inaccurate data or to complete incomplete data; to restrict processing in specific circumstances e.g. where there is a complaint about accuracy; to ask us for a copy of the safeguards under which personal data is transferred outside of Nigeria; the right not to be subject to decisions based solely on automated processing, including profiling, except where necessary for entering into, or performing, a contract, with Events & Market Place; it is based on your explicit consent and is subject to safeguards; or is authorised by law and is also subject to safeguards; to prevent processing that is likely to cause damage or distress to you or anyone else; to data portability; to be notified of a personal data breach which is likely to result in high risk to their rights and freedoms; to make a complaint to the regulatory body in charge of data protection in Nigeria or any other regulatory body; and in limited circumstances, receive or ask for their personal data to be transferred to a Third Party (e.g. another company which the client has dealing with) in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format.

Disclosure Of Your Information:

       We may share information we have collected about you in certain situations. Your information may be disclosed as follows: By Law or to Protect Rights. If we believe the release of information about you is necessary to respond to legal process, to investigate or remedy potential violations of our policies, or to protect the rights, property, and safety of others, we may share your information as permitted or required by any applicable law, rule, or regulation. This includes exchanging information with other entities for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. Third-Party Service Providers. We may share your information with third parties that perform services for us or on our behalf, including payment processing, data analysis, email delivery, hosting services, customer service, and marketing assistance. Marketing Communications. With your consent, or with an opportunity for you to withdraw consent, we may share your information with third parties for marketing purposes, as permitted by law. Interactions with Other Users.If you interact with other users of the Site, those users may see your name, profile photo, and descriptions of your activity, including sending invitations to other users, chatting with other users, liking posts, following blogs. Online Postings. When you post comments, contributions or other content to the Site, your posts may be viewed by all users and may be publicly distributed outside the Site and our mobile application in perpetuity. Third-Party Advertisers. We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the Site. These companies may use information about your visits to the Site and other websites that are contained in web cookies in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. Affiliates. We may share your information with our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. Affiliates include our parent company and any subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that we control or that are under common control with us. Business Partners. We may share your information with our business partners to offer you certain products, services or promotions. Other Third Parties. We may share your information with partner platforms, advertisers and investors for the purpose of conducting general business analysis. We may also share your information with such third parties for marketing purposes, as permitted by law. Sale or Bankruptcy. If we reorganize or sell all or a portion of our assets, undergo a merger, or are acquired by another entity, we may transfer your information to the successor entity. If we go out of business or enter bankruptcy, your information would be an asset transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur and that the transferee may decline honor commitments we made in this Privacy Policy. We are not responsible for the actions of third parties with whom you share personal or sensitive data, and we have no authority to manage or control third-party solicitations. If you no longer wish to receive correspondence, emails or other communications from third parties, you are responsible for contacting the third party directly.

Tracking Technologies:

       Cookies and Web Beacons.  We may use cookies, web beacons, tracking pixels, and other tracking technologies on the Site to help customize the Site and improve your experience. When you access the, your personal information is not collected through the use of tracking technology. Most browsers are set to accept cookies by default. You can remove or reject cookies, but be aware that such action could affect the availability and functionality of the Site. You may not decline web beacons. However, they can be rendered ineffective by declining all cookies or by modifying your web browser’s settings to notify you each time a cookie is tendered, permitting you to accept or decline cookies on an individual basis. We may use cookies, web beacons, tracking pixels, and other tracking technologies on the Site to help customize the Site and improve your experience. For more information on how we use cookies, please refer to our Cookie Policy posted on the Site, which is incorporated into this Privacy Policy. By using the Site, you agree to be bound by our Cookie Policy. 

Internet-Based Collection:

       Additionally, we may use third-party software to serve ads on the site, implement email marketing campaigns, and manage other interactive marketing initiatives for our clients. This third-party software may use cookies or similar tracking technology to help manage and optimize your online experience with us.

Website And App Analytics:

       We may also partner with selected third-party vendors, such as Google Analytics, to allow tracking technologies and remarketing services on the Site through the use of first party cookies and third-party cookies, to, among other things, analyze and track users’ use of the Site, determine the popularity of certain content and better understand online activity. By accessing the Site, you consent to the collection and use of your information by these third-party vendors. You are encouraged to review their privacy policy and contact them directly for responses to your questions. We do not transfer personal information to these third-party vendors. However, if you do not want any information to be collected and used by tracking technologies, you can visit the third-party vendor or the Network Advertising Initiative Opt-Out Tool or Digital Advertising Alliance Opt-Out Tool. You should be aware that getting a new computer, installing a new browser, upgrading an existing browser, or erasing or otherwise altering your browser’s cookies files may also clear certain opt-out cookies, plug-ins, or settings. 

Third-Party Websites:

       The Site may contain links to third-party websites and applications of interest, including advertisements and external services, that are not affiliated with us. Once you have used these links to leave the Site, any information you provide to these third parties is not covered by this Privacy Policy, and we cannot guarantee the safety and privacy of your information. Events & Market Place, therefore, makes no warranties or representations, express or implied about the safety of such linked websites, the third parties they are owned and operated by and the suitability or quality of information contained on them. Before visiting and providing any information to any third-party websites, you should inform yourself of the privacy policies and practices (if any) of the third party responsible for that website, and should take those steps necessary to, in your discretion, protect the privacy of your information. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of any third parties, including other sites, services or applications that may be linked to or from the Site.

Security Of Your Information:

       We use administrative, technical, and physical security measures to help protect your personal information. While we have taken reasonable steps to secure the personal information you provide to us, please be aware that despite our efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable, and no method of data transmission can be guaranteed against any interception or other type of misuse. Any information disclosed online or electronically is vulnerable to interception and misuse by unauthorized parties. Therefore, we cannot guarantee complete security if you provide personal information. Events & Market Place, therefore, accepts no liability for any damage or loss, however caused, in connection with transmission over the internet or electronic storage.
   
Third Party Access:

       Events & Market Place will only share personal information with other companies, entities or individuals in the following limited circumstances: We have your consent. We provide such information to other professional advisers or other trusted businesses or persons for the purpose of processing personal information on our behalf. We require that these parties agree to process such information based on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. We have a good faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to (i) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request, (ii) enforce applicable terms of service, including investigation of potential violations thereof, (iii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, or (iv) protect against imminent harm to the rights, property or safety of Events & Market Place, its users or the public as required or permitted by law. Events & Market Place is at all times, responsible for the security and appropriate use of that data as long as it remains with Events & Market Place.

Personal Data Protection Principles:

       When we process your personal data, we are guided by the following principles, which require personal data to be: processed lawfully, fairly, in a transparent manner and with respect for the dignity of the human person. collected only for specified, explicit and legitimate purposes and not further processed in a manner incompatible with those purposes. adequate, relevant and limited to what is necessary in relation to the purposes for which it is processed. accurate and where necessary kept up to date. removed or not kept in a form that permits identification of data subject for longer than is necessary for the purposes for which the personal data is processed. processed in a manner that ensures its security, using appropriate technical and organisational measures to protect against unauthorised or unlawful processing and against accidental loss, destruction or damage.
   
Policy For Children:

       We do not knowingly solicit information from or market to children under the age of 13. If you become aware of any data, we have collected from children under age of 13, please contact us Events & Market Place Support
   Account Information",
       You may at any time review or change the information in your account or terminate your account by: Logging into your account settings and updating your account Contacting us using the contact information provided below Upon your request to terminate your account, we will deactivate or delete your account and information from our active databases. However, some information may be retained in our files to prevent fraud, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our Terms of Use and/or comply with legal requirements.
   
Emails and Communications:

       If you no longer wish to receive correspondence, emails, or other communications from us, you may opt-out by: Noting your preferences at the time you register your account with the Site Logging into your account settings and updating your preferences. Contacting us using the contact information provided below If you no longer wish to receive correspondence, emails, or other communications from third parties, you are responsible for contacting the third party directly.
   
Violation of Privacy:

       We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you of any personal data breach and let you know the steps we have taken to remedy the breach and the security measures we have applied to render your personal data unintelligible. All suspected breach of personal data will be remedied within1 (one) month from the date of the report of the breach. If you know or suspect that a personal data breach has occurred, you should immediately contact the Events & Market Place team at support@Events & Market Place Events & Market Place will not be responsible for any personal data breach which occurs as a result of: an event which is beyond the control of Events & Market Place; an act or threats of terrorism; an act of God (such as, but not limited to fires, explosions, earthquakes, drought, tidal waves and floods) which compromises Events & Market Place’s data protection measures; war, hostilities (whether war be declared or not), invasion, act of foreign enemies, mobilisation, requisition, or embargo; rebellion, revolution, insurrection, or military or usurped power, or civil war which compromises Events & Market Place’s data protection measures; pandemics or epidemics; the transfer of your personal data to a third party on your instructions; and the use of your personal data by a third party designated by you.
   
Data Retention:

       Events & Market Place shall retain and use your Personal Data only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your request and contract with Events & Market Place and a maximum of 10 years after the expiration or termination of the contract or as required to comply with legal or regulatory obligations, including under tax and security laws. At your request, at any time, your Personal Data which is in the custody of Events & Market Place may be deleted unless we are required by law to retain such information for a certain period of time so at to comply with our obligations under the law.
   
Contact:

       If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
